chore: v0.0.5 (#71)
felangel/flow_builder: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.0.5

> - fix: Intellisense on update to include state argument [#64](https://github.com/felangel/flow_builder/issues/64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix: intellisense on update to include state argument [#64](https://github.com/felangel/flow_builder/issues/64)
```

> - fix: fix Intellisense on update doesn't autocomplete state argument [#64](https://github.com/felangel/flow_builder/issues/64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix: Intellisense on update to include state argument [#64](https://github.com/felangel/flow_builder/issues/64)
```
